Update PDP Docs (#489)
permitio/docs: docs/concepts/pdp/overview.mdx

</Tabs>

:::note
Cloud PDP is limited to RBAC policies only and has a 1MB data restriction. You need to deploy a local PDP for ABAC/ReBAC policies.

> We recommend deploying a local PDP for production deployments to minimize network latency and ensure high availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend deploying a PDP inside your network for production deployments to minimize network latency and ensure high availability.
```

:::

### Run a Local PDP With Docker

> To test your ReBAC and ABAC policies, you must run a local container of the PDP in your environment. Running the PDP requires a [local Docker installation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

Reviewer: Docker Desktop is the right name

```suggestion
You can run a PDP on your local machine as a container on [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). You will need this to use ABAC / ReBAC policies.
```

To run the PDP use the following command:

```bash

> $ docker run -it \

Reviewer: The `$` is unnecesary
```suggestion
docker run -it \
```
